(C)reate
(R)ead
(U)pdate
(D)elete

the difference between databases and text files: 
	Databases are higher orderly: 
		Following rules determined by the 'schema';
		This allows consistency and integrity;
		Efficient data retrieval.
	text files are orderly but...:
		there is no high order schema,
		the order is only based on the ruleset of possible characters.
	The higher the order the better it becomes at a specific task, data storage.

Required database features:
	CRUD;
	Keeping things simple is to prevent stupidity, don't go beyond what is necessary.
	'Higher ordered things are only good for "specific" tasks'.

	databases requires CRUD;
		Specifically creating a database file initially.
		Being able to get all information from the database file
		Update any information within such file
		Delete any infromation within such file
		tables requires CRUD;
			Specifically creating database tables
			being able to get all information from a table
			update any information with that table
			delete any information in such table
			data requires CRUD;
			create data for database tables
			read specific data from a table
			update that data
			delete that data
	Focus on creating functionality that specifically works for the three levels of databases.

	database requires interface;
		interface via servers, for docker usage, for replicability among machines.

Structuring data:
	All data is like identifying a human;
	A human's data is its story.
	It's important information is the identifying qualities of that human.

	There are humans everywhere in the world, 
	but most of them are unknown, 
	when they become known they become special/focused

	(P)hotograph(s): Visual representation of the data
	(I)dentifying number(s): ID, SS, population #
	(C)itzenship(s): nationality, origin of birth
	(T)rait(s): eye color, tags, associations
	(U)unique metric(s): sha256, iris, fingerprint
	(R)esidence(s): current or previous addresses
	(E)ntourage(s): family, friends, associations
	(D)ate of birth

	this 7 word acronym will function as datapoints for all future data.
		even better because data is a snapshot in time of this person/item.
